---
title:      "Shrinkr"
subtitle:   " Philadelphia Code Fest: 2015 "
date:       2015-02-22 20:00
header-img: "img/post-bg-02.jpg"
---
Shrinkr
 
Speed and efficiency are two of the most demanded and defining factors of the 21st century. 
This is especially applicable to the educational needs of students, who often require a condensed 
and affordable version of any text to get a better idea of the big picture, with an emphasis on the
 important facts.
 
We intend on creating a multi-platform application that would involve an efficient use of machine 
learning to makes ‘notes’ for students from any given textbook. It would take key words from the 
appendices, analyse font format and images, and acquire statistical information on the general use 
and subtext of the book to make these notes. As an addition option, it would also have the ability 
to make customized notes from student-given information such as a course syllabus or study guide.

Since all these databases ultimately involve getting copyrights approval from different authors,
 we also intend on using this information for a philanthropic purpose in the future. A library 
 containing all the important key notes would be made available offline, for usage in underprivileged 
 communities. This will ultimately help in substantially decreasing their financial burden for educational
 purposes and open them up to a wider range of knowledge and opportunities.

 More info and github Repository coming soon. 
 
 <h6>
 Best Regards,
 Karishma</h6>